Default value for demo argument should not cause an error (#905)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/custom-commands/custom-commands.mdx

## Positional Arguments

> Atmos also can support positional arguments. If a positional argument is required but not provided by the user, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Atmos also supports positional arguments. If a positional argument is required but not provided by the user, 
```

Author: done

the command will fail—unless you define a default in your config. 

> Adding the following to `atmos.yaml` will introduce a new `greet` command that accepts one `name` argument,

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For the example, adding the following to `atmos.yaml` will introduce a new `greet` command that accepts one `name` argument,
```
